c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\beholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\beholderServer.dll.config
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\beholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\beholderServer.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\beholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\beholderServer.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\beholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\beholderServer.ServiceInterface.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\beholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\beholderServer.ServiceModel.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\beholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\ServiceStack.Client.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\beholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\ServiceStack.Common.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\beholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\ServiceStack.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\beholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\beholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\ServiceStack.OrmLite.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\beholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\ServiceStack.Razor.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\beholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\ServiceStack.Redis.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\beholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\ServiceStack.Server.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\beholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\ServiceStack.Text.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\beholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\beholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\beholderServer.ServiceInterface.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\beholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\beholderServer.ServiceModel.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\beholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\ServiceStack.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\beholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\ServiceStack.Client.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\beholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\ServiceStack.Common.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\beholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\ServiceStack.OrmLite.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\beholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\ServiceStack.Razor.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\beholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\ServiceStack.Redis.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\beholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\ServiceStack.Server.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\beholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\ServiceStack.Text.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\beholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\beholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\obj\Debug\beholderServer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\beholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\obj\Debug\beholderServer.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\beholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\obj\Debug\beholderServer.pdb
C:\Users\Michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BeholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\FSharp.Data.dll
C:\Users\Michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BeholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\Michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BeholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\ServiceStack.OrmLite.MySql.dll
C:\Users\Michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BeholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\FSharp.Core.dll
C:\Users\Michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BeholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\FSharp.Data.pdb
C:\Users\Michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BeholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\FSharp.Data.xml
C:\Users\Michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BeholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\FSharp.Core.xml
C:\Users\Michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BeholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BeholderServer\beholderServer\beholderServer\bin\Facebook.xml
